# ksquared333.github.io
## This is the webpage for my BDA594 class.
### Week 1: Web Excercise 1
7. I found the UNICEF datasets to be of interest to me, particularly the dataset on displacement: https://data.unicef.org/resources/dataset/displacement/
I think that tracking information about the state of displaced persons, particularly those under 18 can be useful to understand trends in human security contexts. Specifically, I think that looking at the trends over time can be extremely important to understanding global trends in safety and security. I would be interested in looking further into some trends and seeing if there are other datasets that can show correlation to these, in order to hopefully estimate for populations that might not be accurately represented, or to forecast future needs.
8. The book that caugh my attention was Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery in Real Life Applications, Ponce, J., & Karahoc, A. (Eds). from I-Tech Education and Publishing: https://www.intechopen.com/books/5327
I don't have a very strong background in data mining, so the fact that this is an accessible entry point is a plus for me. I like getting a wide overview of a topic, and then diving in to particular areas, so the fact that this book is divided up into a multitude of different approaches and applications fits that need quite well. In particular, I like the emphasis on practical examples from real life, such as the video rental customers to medicine usage. I find that having a variety of applications works very well to point out different approaches and pros/cons to certain methods. A firm foundation and at least cursory familiarity with the possibilities I might have a use for later are attractive to me. 
